---
title: 
draft: false
tags:
  - person
  - elf
  - magic-user
---
Ancotar is a [[wood elf]] and member of the [[Archon Grimoire]], a mage's guild.  He is 6'2", has brown eyes, and is bald, though most people don't know that because he almost always where's the hood on his robes up over his head. <br>
Ancotar hopes to become a renowned wizard famed for his research of the arcane. To that end, he wants to produce a spell powerful enough to gain widespread usage and thus spread his name to the four corners of the world. He took up residence inside of [[Fort Caractacus]], an old Imperial fort outside the settlement of [[Aleswell]] two years ago. Though the fort is derelict and crumbling, he's made it into his personal laboratory and home.<br>
Ancotar's research at the fort caused several issues for the people of Aleswell, scaring the sheep with explosions, attracting swarms of rats that eat all the crops, making the rain in the vicinity smell like urine, but none were as bad as the incident wherein he turned every living creature in the vicinity nearly invisible. Being mostly transparent made life difficult for the people of Aleswell, it's hard to keep business when there's rumors the whole town is haunted by ghosts. Luckily for them, a band of adventurers were able to collect a scroll that counters his spell and regain the town's visibility. <br>
Ancotar found a strange eye that allows him to alter reality to a limited degree which he affixed to his staff to help him on his research expeditions. In the [[Gunaraad Catcombs]], he used this staff to create a fountain which makes any who drink from it feel fully rested and healed from injuries in case he did not successfully purge the undead within. After a group of adventurers killed a blob made of hundreds of zombies stuck together, they shot him as he was leaving on an elevator he conjured.<br>
While out on a journey to gather resources and materials for his experiments, the horse Ancotar rented from [[Budget Rent-a-Horse]] stopped moving and refused to travel further. A traveler was able to reveal that the horse was unhappy traveling through the muck of the swamp and getting its hooves filthy; thusly, Ancotar used magic to clean it so it would move again. Later, something spooked his horse causing it to trample him and leaving him deeply wounded; whilst so hurt and covered in mud, the adventurers that had shot him in the catacombs earlier found him and healed him. Ancotar wasn't happy coming face-to-face with someone who had shot him but he decided to call the score even since they helped him.<br>Ancotar discovered the existence of the [[Soul Forge]], and journeyed there to turn himself into a golem and gain immortality. His goal was to prove to his peers that he was a worthy researcher and thus they would finally respect him. A group of adventurers, [[Arokoris]], [[Amorphous Hobblehobble]], and [[Lorn Ironroot]], interfered with the process preventing the transformation from completing; however, it seems some amount of the process was completed as Ancotar's vision was transferred to the golem head and his voice now projects from head. After considerable effort, Ancotar was able to pry the golem's head from its body and then left [[The Ziggurat]].<br>
**Discoveries and Inventions**<br>
[[Ancotar's Lesser Chameleon]]<br>
[[Ancotar's Greater Chameleon]]<br>
[[Ancotar's Spell of Reverse Invisibility]]<br>